[DO NOT MERGE] Updates for HCP Packer docs (#11333)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/hcp_packer_registry.mdx

---
description: >
  The hcp_packer_registry allows operators the ability to customize the metadata sent to HCP Packer Registry.
  It configures the base details of an image that is created or updated within HCP Packer.
page_title: hcp_packer_registry - build - Blocks
---

# The `hcp_packer_registry` block

~> **Note:** HCP Packer is under active development, and we are currently
offering a [public beta version](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com) to collect
feedback and continue improving the product.
To get started, visit the
[HCP Packer documentation](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/docs/packer) or try the
[Get Started with HCP Packer](https://learn.hashicorp.com/collections/packer/hcp-get-started)
collection on HashiCorp Learn.

The `hcp_packer_registry` block allows operators the ability to customize the
metadata sent to HCP Packer Registry. It configures the details of an image
that is created or updated within the HCP Packer registry.

> This block is availabel from version 1.7.7 of Packer.

Reviewer: Pending approval of 1.8.0 release. 
```suggestion
This block is available from version 1.8.0 of Packer.
```

> This block is available from version 1.8.0 of Packer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This block is available from version 1.7.7 of Packer.
```
